You have it luckier than I did. When I enlisted in the marine corps, the
pay scales were sacrificial. These were in the days of the draft
so there were plenty of people who were low ranking enlisted people
that can be gotten you know by order of the president United States
they just drafted them, so I think my first pay back in sixty seven
was about sixty dollars a month, and if you took into account inflation,
that would probably be about to two hundred and forty to four hundred
dollars a month today. So it is pretty low, but it was was plenty,
who was plenty you lived in the barracks. You drank beer for a
quarter at the club and you didn't have it in a car virtually no one
of the barracks had a car. These days the official pay is much better
than that and I would urge you to go online and just type in military
pay scales and the current pay scale come up in front of you and
show you how much you get paid. So it's a little over an you first
start out as an E1 but you get promoted up to E3 very fast, And E4
probably within a year or so. So then then you start getting a little
better, and by the time you get in the senior ranks it pays comparable
to civilian life in a lot of ways and the same with officers.
A captain in the navy or a colonel in the airforce marine corps or army
make the kind of money that the manager at that level would be getting
an industry. And the entire package is pretty good because you
not only get pay, but if you live off base they give you housing loans
which is non taxed and so I the pay is not bad and when you go
on base these days virtually everybody even the brand new enlisted people
have a car or motorcycle or both, so pay's pretty good.